Note regarding captive portals-TEAM565 (#1520)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/1.1.1.1/src/content/_partials/_captive-portals.md

<Aside>

> **Note:** Setting up a static IP address to configure a DNS server may prevent you from connecting to some public Wi-Fi networks that use captive portals (these are the web pages some wireless networks employ to let users login and use their services). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Setting up a static IP address to configure a DNS server may prevent you from connecting to some public Wi-Fi networks that use captive portals (these are the web pages some wireless networks employ to let users log in and use their services). 
```

If you are experiencing connectivity issues related to captive portals:
1. Remove the static IP addresses from the device.
1. Connect to the Wi-Fi network.

> 1. Once the connection has been established, add the static IP addresses back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once the connection has been established, re-add the static IP addresses.
```
